[google-62] Google Cloud SCC Enhancement (#17005)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleCloudSCC/ReleaseNotes/2_0_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Google Cloud SCC
- Added command:
    - ***google-cloud-scc-finding-state-update***

> - Supported workload identity federation for services running on cloud providers like AWS, Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support workload identity federation for services running on cloud providers like AWS, Azure.
```
